Optional validation for Asset's remote URLs (#646)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/components/assets.rst

.. vale on

> Instead of uploading a file from your computer, you can either provide a link to a file on a cloud storage provider or browse your integrated cloud storage provider - for example an Amazon S3 bucket - by selecting the Remote tab, rather than Local.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of uploading a file from your computer, you can either provide a link to a file on a cloud storage provider or browse your integrated cloud storage provider - for example, an Amazon S3 bucket - by selecting the Remote tab, rather than Local.
```

.. vale on

Instead of uploading a file from your computer, you can either provide a link to a file on a cloud storage provider or browse your integrated cloud storage provider - for example an Amazon S3 bucket - by selecting the Remote tab, rather than Local.

**Optional remote URL validation:**

You can enable an optional remote URL validation by adding the following line ``'validate_remote_domains' => true`` to ``config/local.php`` file.
When you enable that validation, it allows only domains listed in the
"Configuration" -> "System Settings" -> "Miscellaneous Settings" -> "Allowed remote domains" section.

> The validation considers the domain of your Mautic instance valid as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable optional remote URL validation by adding ``'validate_remote_domains' => true`` to the ``config/local.php`` file.

When you enable this validation, Mautic only allows domains listed in **Configuration > System Settings > Miscellaneous Settings > Allowed remote domains**. The validation also considers the domain of your Mautic instance valid.
```
